Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Yeah, so looking at
my like account statements and stuff, I am confused why I'm being charged $1000 over what we actually bought
using O Kennis, So that's why I'm calling because it seems
really ridiculous.
Yeah, it's [phone]
[name]
[location] [postal code]
[name] Supply.
[user info]
Okay, yeah, but the thing is, is that we bought something for $800 and we're being charged by the end of it, nearly $1800 over $1000 over what we bought. So where is that $1000 going? And why are we being charged?
That because we cannot view the contract because whenever we download it, it's just an empty pdf that you cannot view.
So that's where I'm trying to figure out where this thousand dollars is going.
It should have been paid off six months ago.
Yeah, but we never got the contract that was not explained to us. So the thousand dollars is disappearing to where?
Okay, but it doesn't do any good anymore because the thousand dollars is gone. We were not told that the contract never came through. We thought that what was explained to us was that it would draft out and it would just automatically pay itself off.
So where does the thousand dollars get?
It just goes straight to you guys, and you just get you just keep it.
And on my end, it does not say $300. It says remaining balance is two thirty one. So
Okay, so you guys,
so there's just, that's just the way that it is. It's just $1000 more because
it wasn't paid off,
so it's A 100% interest, essentially.
Late charges, $1000 of late charges.
Okay,
so pretty much, it's just a scam.
A contract that we never received. It was supposed to be emailed to us.
Okay, so there's just, that's just it. There's nothing,
so not
okay. Alright, well, that's no help at all, and it's really crappy to do that, but
I guess that's what it is then.
No.
… somebody's calling me from this number and I don't know who's calling me calling about if I need help with my.
Yes, somebody calling me from this number and I'm trying to figure out who it is asking me to.
I need assistance with my account. And I don't know anything about more, can you?
Oh.
I one more.
[name] what?
Oh, I have. I told them people took it back to furniture for
I had to have two motors, but only they want no good. And I took it back
[name] for … ats bill I'm … to several people that I don't have it no more.
It … Furniture for less … Banks Ville.
Did I the quote?
I don't have the bike no more. I told them I took it back. I don't have it no more.
No ma'am, I don't. I … it back where I get it from for furniture for …
We are working, so
yes, yes, I did.
And I'm on.
Yes sir. Yes ma'am I returned it but I I mean I don't know I'm un told three different people I'm un returned it and I don't know why I keep calling.
Yes, all
my, my nephew [name] took it up there one day. When he's going to work,
he worked it. Pay goes and he took it to where I picked the back up from.
Yeah.
Okay well right
all I know that Care Wallet is help me someone to port code. I ain't paying nothing else.
I have done talk to my nephew and he said he returned it
and he I mean that's all he told me he returned the back and I
I don't have it and I'm not paying this now to I wll that back twice and and every time I park it when I back to go somewhere it would never crank back up because I live on dirt road and they could sound was in the motor
I said well I I live on like 5mi … dirt Road … you get to a payment so
that bike wasn't good for me. I bought it to go to my doctor's appointment …
and I couldn't even go but one trip and back home and that and and that's why I had to get another mother and apparently I said I ain't messing with it no more.
Yes, I have contact. I can give you his phone number.
Okay, okay. I will call him and tell him to call y'all at this number. I call
Okay
okay well it it might … stay up because ain't nothing else …
Okay, I will call him now and tell him to call y'all.
Okay.
Thank you. Bye bye.
Yes, sir. Hi, I applied through the f t O website. They told me that I was approved through Breeze for $9000, and I still don't have any emails since Friday.
To continue the process,
… for the down payment.
[name] [name]
Last name [name] [name]
[name]
[user info]
[location] The service address or my mailing address?
Okay, it's [location]
[location]
til
[location]
[location]
[postal code]
… me … … home.
[name] [name]
[name] They found my application yesterday.
I don't have an email.
I don't have an email.
Nobody has sent me anything, so I'm waiting.
That's why I'm calling.
What's their numbers, sir?
Well.
Sir, I understand all that. What I'm trying to tell you is that I don't have an email or anything from F Tl
telling me to accept the offer. They haven't sent me anything.
That's what I'm trying to tell you.
I applied on Friday.
No, sir, they just told me I was approved to Breeze for $9000 and for me to go to back to their website, but it doesn't
allow me to do anything on the website.
They just says like reapply.
Sure.
Okay,
that's okay.
Okay, what's their number?
Okay.
Is there a reference number, case number or something? I can refer to
approval number or something.
Okay, I'll call them right now. Thank you for your help.
No, sir.
Okay, thank you.
You're … home.
Funeral
… funeral home.
No, sir, you're fine. Thank you.
Huh, bye bye.
Speaking, thanks for choosing who?
Speaking, [name] who?
Okay why you … saying that choosing who part what?
I don't understand what that first part was. Again, what is this again? What is about?
No ma'am. Hello, how are you?
Yeah.
Okay, April 11th. That's probably because I think I, what, what day did I get paid on?
Let me check now.
I'm putting you on speaker one second.
Yeah
I don't know what email I got cause I got some emails Which one that I have
Which one I have two, so which one do you have?
Okay, my address is [location]
and I don't know if you get the let it, I don't know which one you have.
Okay, that's my business one that the one you have.
Happy at home.
Okay I I think it probably clash because my what's name is due my internet is due on the 8th, so it probably just slashed off
at all.
It probably slashed off
because my internet bill is due. That's probably what happened. So what I need to do go up to the office and pay the how much do the how much to do
I'm not gonna have anything on that card until
the [card expiry date] so I think I have eighty something dollars on another card,
so that wouldn't be now.
[card number]
I thought my bill was eighty something dollars. That's what, because it's late.
But it was ninety something dollars the first time I took off my card within a week of me
paying the six hundred some dollars. Ya took ninety some dollars off my card a week later at the box of Francis.
Okay, I do nothing in the contract to see if that, and then y'all took the $97 in next week too.
Okay I hear what you're saying no no no no you know I didn't sit there in that front the store I said he he sit there for been at three hours
and it should have s three hours to get no furniture but yeah so you know I didn't sit there and read that whole contract and that whole thing I to sit there for three hours trying to get approved and I got approved four thousand, but I still pay $650. But you know [location] to trying to get approved for three hours. You know, the whole thing after to sitting there for three hours
first and foremost, second of all, let's pull up further than that. Y'all cut ninety some dollars after I pay for $50 the next week,
… put me behind on my internet bill, which is the reason why they run together now
… they didn't supposed to run together has I … ninety some dollars then next week and I thought I was … have to pay the $97 in next month
and I didn't. … … it the next week that to make some bills have to run together now.
I don't think they speak.
What, what I'm saying is what I'm trying to get … is if I paid for the furniture that month,
why would I have to pay that bill that month too.
Okay I I hear what you're saying that the payment I paid in the store was six fifty
that was my bill for that month, I thought
and y'all turn around a second. I got the front of the house then next week can took ninety something dollars.
Yeah, … the six fifty seven fifth.
I got a receipt right here in my first bed.
No beg its right …
See, it's a cash amount down here. $600.
… how much they trying to pay at all
I don't … … $100 booking.
Okay, listen,
I'm sorry, when I left your store, I mean, when I left the store, I owed it $300. I mean 200 and
the … was $100
and I paid $650.
I mean, I forgot it was $950
again.
And if I pay $600.
Exactly, that's how much I owe it three fifty.
okay, so if I pay this
bill, you're speaking of today because you all double charged me in one week, which I did not understand. I mean, how that even went
if I pay this bill in the next couple of days,
how much do I owe ya there
cause I don't see how I I'm gonna owe you extra money if I paid him
$600.00
Correct, just on the receipt.
Correct, that's on a receipt.
Huh,
okay. If I pay in the next couple of days?
How much would I owing?
I … he's reading.
Okay.
$845.00
I'm trying to see how do I owe that much if I only owed three something when I left the store.
Could just send in my email, please.
I was in the store for 3 hours. Just trying to get 1 bed, and that was outside. I already picked my bed and I was sending in there for three hours trying to get this stuff to go through.
Yeah,
maybe our system was down. Their system was down and I went to two different companies trying to get through to ya system It was a whole bunch of mess. I was sitting there for three hours.
I would have never agreed to pay an extra $500 and some change more than with the fricking bill. Was actually freaking worse. I don't want with the one that was $500. One had to pay that right out right then.
That's ridic
… this one … d right now I'm feeling … away
I do not like it. I do not like it at all
and don't see, I don't like this $350. I get stop
that's really upset me and I know I left it. It was six hundred some dollars. That's really upset me right there in itself.
I'm trying to see how if I pay six.
Fifty.
Huh.
Fix that.
It's on the receipt. It's rang in my bank in my first.
… I gave them 600. I gave him 600 email.
Oh.
Okay,
alright, I see it.
It'll be done by Friday.
Yeah, … pay …
I don't know. It's going to be one in debit card. I'm not sure. Can I go in store and pay it?
Okay.
Alright,
I'm not sure which one you want to call me back by [card expiry date]
and we can go from there.
Alright, thank you so much. Could you call me after one hour work?
Alright, thank you so much.
You too,
yeah, they added on them taxes, and I'm trying to see how to hit. They get ninety some dollars what …
fee and $22 late fee I see it now.
Yeah, I didn't see none of that, honey. I was in … so too long baby I won't feeling net
I was definitely messed up. Too long. Oh, I'm sorry. … know you still on the phone. I was reading.
And I … … my my client
Oh no, that's fine. Now I was just, I was reading. I was reading the lease. It's fine. Thank you so much. I will. I will talk to you for.
Bye bye, you too.
I wanted to get some information about my account, The balance.
Huh,
[name] [name] [name] [name]
[name] [name]
Last name is [name] [name] [name]
[location] [GEO] [postal code]
I am speaking loud as I can, ma'am. I don't want the whole public to hear my address and everything, so again, it's [location]
Can you hear me?
[location] [postal code]
[user info]
[location]
So I already asked, told you how you can help me after you asking 10 questions. I'm sorry to get an attitude, but you asked your questions and you didn't even wonder what mine was. I listen to mine. I need the balance on my account, please.
And what will? Okay, go ahead.
Cause I thought I thought it was supposed to be finished in December.
A payment for the account. I thought that the balance was supposed to be completed in December.
So what was the balance before? In, in whatever July. What was it at that time?
Okay
so now … its April what did that take my balance to
Now that it's April, what did it take my balance to? Like it's exceeded that amount of time. So what, what, what's the balance now? Like,
You keep,
I hear you. I heard you say that. Okay, and somehow another the communication was wrong or missed up, and I missed that appointment. I missed that. Okay, so I understand that December I did not complete it. So what is the balance now? Like, what is the complete balance now? That has that I have to pay?
For the whole thing,
okay so the $1194 plus six ninety
Let me try to figure it out. Hold on, because I don't know if you can't understand me. If I'm not able to speaking.
I don't have it with me. I don't have it with me right now, ma'am. I mean, gosh,
I don't, don't. Yeah, send me the contract again, please.
Yeah.
Girl, you don't have to keep telling me that I've heard you 4 times. I keep saying that too.
Alright,
Alright,