Hello, my name is. I'm giving you a call and record, receive a voicemail from your request, and call back. So, I would like to know, how can I help you?
Okay, well if this information was in your concern, basically, now, bud, let me just a moment before I can open your account. May I have the phone number that is associated to the account? Because with the phone number that you are calling, I couldn't find an account.
Okay, may I have your first and last name?
That is your name.
Okay,
thank you Miss [name] Now can you confirm, help me to confirm some information on the account just for security purposes? First of all, may I please have your complete address?
Thank you. May I have your place of employment?
Thank you. And the last time I have your email address,
yes?
Thanks … lot. Thank you so much for damn. Okay, so well, basically, I'm looking here on the account. The balance at this moment is of $309.20 right you have two payments left.
Oh.
Oh yeah, well Miss [name] basically I apologize for that but that $800 was supposed to be paid before November the 3rd 2024 and you didn't. So basically once you doesn't pay that balance before the last date, you will be in the full agreement of the contract but paying a balance more higher. All this information was on your contract
also.
Oh well, I can be more than glad to help you to send it right now.
So let me just one moment. I will send it right now.
No, that was not like that. I apologies for that they were supposed to call us also you always have that option to to give us a call to know more information about this account but this is the first time that you call us actually.
Okay, so I will send you the contract right now. Send the documents
of your contact.
On this.
No, all this all like before this is on your contract, so right, right, once you read the contract, you will,
… know basically
what happened with the early purchase option that you was having that like I coming before that $800 was supposed to be paid before November the 3rd 2034. So you didn't,
you … the full agreement of the contract. I'm sending you the document of your contract.
Oh yeah, that is your pay off balance if you would like to pay off the account today. For example, if you would like to pay … the account today, it is $231.91 But that is just if you would like to pay off the account. It's like a discount for you to pay out the account.
So everything is a copy of your … Miss [name]
… basically, this is now Enter. It's like listing charges.
No, listen, listen, charges.
No, because all this information is on the contract, miss.
They … supposed to call us. If you didn't the … you can always call us.
Request also that.
Okay, I apologize for this. So, is there anything else I can do you today?
Excellent, I hope and thank you for calling. Bye bye.
Hello, my name is [name] How can I help you?
Well, you're calling a kilos at the moment.
This is
You don't remember making any account with …
Well, may I have your first and last name, sir?
A … okay, let me go ahead and check in my system. If we have records about this. One second.
Actually, I can see some records on here from you, Mister. It seems on here that we're having a contract with you.
It seems here that we're having a contract with you
for a red.
… … two,
it Sims on here.
It's all you remember is that he already process … paid off of this account
You said that you already processed a pay off of the account.
Oh, so you don't have the bike?
Understood, so, so you return these bike yourself?
How did you return the bike? …
Directly with … sorry,
directly with the store or have, did you return the device? Sorry, I am just wanted to know the information.
I understood
well, for the moment, it seems that you, mister all you are still responsible for this account because we don't have any records about that return that I was sent.
So?
You have,
yes, you'll have to talk to your nephew so we can clear the information, okay?
So you don't have contact with your nephew anymore?
Will be needing him to contact us so they can report the details about the return that he made. Because we don't have any record about that.
Because
yes, please,
Yeah, because this account is under your name, so you're responsible for this account specifically. So yes, basically there is a deb still open on here.
Okay, so we better talk to him, okay?
Sure, it's okay. Well, thank you. Thank you.
Oh, okay.
Okay,
Hello, thank you for calling. This is [name] How can I help you?
Okay, I'm so sorry about the situation.
I'm sorry about the situation. Let me look into it. Can I have your name and last name?
Okay, thank you. [name] can I have your email?
Okay, thank you.
May I have your address?
Your service address for the
equipment will be.
Thank you. What is the city, the state, and the zip code?
Okay, thank you.
Okay, what is your place of employment?
Oh, we don't have that information on the application. Can you spell the name for me?
Okay, sorry about the situation.
Okay, I just got the application here.
A team.
Okay, so your application was approved for $9000. Did you already accept the offer that they sent to you loan f.
Okay, I'm so sorry about the situation.
Yeah, I'm gonna be.
Let me see the memory … this.
Yeah, this time there is no contract created loan, so basically, you will need to get in contact with FL so they can send you the offer to your email, right
and then you will receive the the offer
You will need to as the offer so they can continue Right, to create the list for you and send it through your email so you can electronically.
Review the contract, right? Make sure that you are agree with the terms and conditions and then you will electronically sign the contract and then you will get a down payment link. The down payment is based on.
I understand that part. So, when was the last time that you spoke to them?
Okay, did they give you any details about equipment, any price estimated or something?
Okay, I'm sorry about the situation. Let me.
Okay, that's weird. I'm sorry about the situation. Well, your application is already. Let me look into this. Can I place you on hold?
Give me one moment. … on
Okay, thank you for the time waiting on the line. I'm sorry for … long wait. Yeah, what … doing This information on my end and it sees you will need to get in contact with FL so they can send you the estimated right for the project.
Right, the price, the quote, whatever, and then you can accept the offer. And then right, let me see [sensitive data]
[sensitive data]
[sensitive data] So let me repeat the number again.
No just let just just let them know that you have this approve application and you want to proceed and you have spoken to [name] and we gave you this number.
You're welcome. Any other question about your application, okay? You might receive a go over to a customer service, okay?
You're welcome. Yeah, another question before you. Before we hang up. What was your employment again? I said what, sorry.
… home.
Oh, okay. I got it. Sorry.
Alright, any other questions? Sorry about the situation?
Thank you for calling Grace. Have a wonderful day.
Good morning, thank you for choosing [name] speaking.
Okay.
… this is [name]
I said, thank you for choosing … This is [name] speaking.
Okay, so the name of the company is oka Where the leasing company, are you familiar with? Oka?
I'm doing great. Thank you for asking. Are you familiar with Ultimate Furniture and Metric Warehouse?
Yes, ma'am. We're the leasing company for them. I was calling to update your account because of the April 11th payment returned.
No problem.
Okay, no problem.
And also, Miss [name] I do wanna let you know the call is recorded and monitored. And while I have you on the line, may you verify the home address and email for verification purposes?
We have the Gmail.
Yes, ma'am. So now with with verifying it you can just give me the ones you have and I can tell you the one we got on file.
Yes, ma'am. We have the … [name]
Yes, ma'am. What about the place of employment?
Yes, ma'am. Thank you for verifying that information for me.
Okay so to take care of the [card expiry date] payment and the return fee it'll be $99.78 we can schedule it with the checkings account on file and again [card number] Or we can use the debit card that's on file. I'm sorry, the Mastercard end again [card number] Whichever you prefer.
No ma'am, now technically the regular payment is only $69.78 but being that you had a payment to return it cost a $25 return fee on the account plus a $5 reinstatement fee so that's why it's the ninety nine seventy eight
Yes ma'am because you have a one time documented process a fee of $22.05 that was added to your regular payment so was for $91.83
Oh yes ma'am, it's listed on the first page contract.
Yes, ma'am,
and I do apologize for the inconvenience. Now, as far as the regular payment with the one time documented processing fee. And I understand you stated that you know, you didn't have time to read the contract. But the information was listed on the contract.
And then I go ahead. I'm sorry.
Okay, so your first payment was in March. That's the only payment that you was due for. Now, whatever you paid at the store is between you and the store. We only go by the contract that they send over to.
Yes, ma'am. So what I'm guessing you did because you say that you paid six fifty at the store.
So what they did,
yeah, so basically, what they did, they just took that off of your cash price. They only sign in your cash price of $350.
Cause I'm looking at the initial dial payment that you made was $55.07
Yeah, that's what I'm saying. So, if you made a payment at the store that was between you and the store, what they did was probably took it off and sent over just the remaining balance that you had to pay, which was the $350.
Well, of course along with that three fifty you have an early payoff fee which is $59.95 and of course the total sales tax on the account was $42.02
Okay, well, the cash price that we got was six fifty. I'm sorry, three fifty. I'm sorry, it was $350. Your cash price was $350. That's the
… the lease agreement.
Right now, you only owe $410.14 and then
Ma'am, it's included in your April 11th payment
not had due … care of the April 11th payment. It'll go down a bit, but this fourteen fourteen includes the $25 return fee, the $5 late fee and of course the $69.78 that was technically due for April 11th.
Alright, they'll left you with the three fifty.
Right, but like I was just explaining to you, the cash price was sent over for three fifty
your early purchase option of a 90 days you have a 90 day pay off fee which was $59.95 and the total sales tax on the account was $42.02
Now at this time only one payment has been made because you're April the 11th payment, which would have been your second payment returned.
Right, you stated for yourself that the cash price was nine something, correct?
Okay,
and you stated that you gave him six something at the store?
Right, so that's why they signed up with the cash price of the three fifty.
But along with the cash price, you have the taxes and the fees. And only one payment has been made so far. So that's why it looks like you haven't paid anything because you still have that payment to take care of for April the 11th.
Okay, so let's see. You do on the 11th.
I'm calculating it for you.
14
Alright, if you go ahead and take care of the payment for the $99.78 that's gonna leave you with a balance of $310.36
And you'll have until June 8th to have the account closed out completely before you actually enter into the full release agreement.
Okay, like I advised you, you have a cash price of $350
plus your $59.95 payoff fee and the total sales tax which was $42.02 that brought your balance of $451.97 you've only made one regular payment which is $69.78
Now being that you had a payment to return, we had to add an additional $25 plus the $5 reinstatement fee that's technically $412.19 that you owe but we giving you the option to pay the fourteen fourteen that is the complete balance as of to date now the only thing that you're responsible for at this time is your April the 11th payment
because that's the payment they returned
which is the $99.78 that includes all taxes and fees for April the 11th.
Do you have a copy of your original lease agreement or do you just have the stores copy … I can send you a copy of the full lease agreement that you signed.
Yes, ma'am. Let me go ahead and get that … over to you now … I know you stated you didn't read it, so I do understand.
Yeah and that's that's that's the weird part about it cause technically you signed the contract first before you even do all of that but I'm gonna to go ahead and send it to you.
If you can check your email for me, miss, let I went ahead and sent you that lease agreement. We can go through it together just in case you don't understand. I can answer any questions or concerns for you.
Right, but you stated that altogether. It was nine something. So if you're paying six something that is gonna leave you with a balance of three something.
Ma'am, you stated for yourself that the merchandise was not. How much was the merchandise? Nine, how much?
Nine fifty right?
How much did you pay him at the store?
Do you remember the exact amount?
Okay, so how much did you give him?
Six hundred even
if you gave him 600 even, that leaves you with $350.
Your cash price,
yes ma'am. And they sign a cash price open for $350
along with the three fifty. You have the $59.95 early purchase payoff fee and the total sales tax $42.02
that was a total of $451.97
If it was nine fifty and you gave him six, that leaves you with three fifty
Okay now for is the $99.78 what's a good day to have that payment scheduled for you?
Friday the twenty fifth.
Will you be using the checkings account ending in [sensitive data] or a debit card
No ma'am, you made all of your payments through …
Okay, so will it be the Mastercard ending in [card number] or the checkings account on file
Okay, I Okay, I notate the account to give you a call on Friday, which is the 25th. And that way we can go ahead and set up some arrangements on the account, okay?
No
okay that that's no problem I can give you a call … the one it's currently 11:39AM I'm on Eastern Standard Time.
No problem, thank you for choosing … You have a good day.
Yes, ma'am.
Oh yeah, I thought … … talking to me. I'm sorry.
Oh, okay. Okay. So you done? I didn't wanna hang up on you because I heard you talk … I'm sorry.
Okay,
no problem.
No problem. Thank you for choosing … You have a good day.
Hello, thank you for calling. This is [name] How can I help you today?
Sure, give me just one moment. So, can I pull up the account?
One moment.
Okay, can you please tell me your first and last name?
I'm sorry, ma'am, is it? I can hear you?
Okay, thank you, ma'am. And can you please tell me your physical address?
I'm sorry, it again, please.
Yes, the city and the zip code, please.
Thank you, and your email address?
Thank you, and the name was for a place of employment.
Thank you, Miss [name] How can I help you, ma'am?
Sure mam. I'm sorry this was only for verification process. So this account is by the full lis agreement. So you have made 13 payments already out of the 17 payments they have a scheduled so you have missing four payments left back so you can complete the balance that is six hundred and ninety with eight cents
So
I'm sorry, so basically.
I'm sorry,
remember Miss [name] First of all, that you didn't complete the balance in the early purchase option.
So this was already expired since last year by July. So you didn't complete the balance. And this account passed by the full lease agreement with all the payments by the normal contract that you signed.
Well, first of all the balance we have in is that you had in this early for this option let me calculate it
… forty nine ninety five
okay so your initial balance by the early purchase option was $1194.48
I'm sorry.
What happened, miss? … you mean that remember that you were in this early purchase option without the leasing fees, so you didn't complete the early purchase option. … already expired. Unfortunately, you didn't complete the balance.
So this account passed by the full lias agreement with the normal contract that you signed. With the leasing fees
by the normal contract.
Your balance is six hundred and ninety with eight cents six hundred and ninety with eight cents You are missing four more payments.
I'm sorry.
Everything is in the contract, Miss … I can send you a copy of the list.
Sure,
give me one moment.
Everything is in the country, miss … You didn't complete the early for your … normally the account pass by the full lias agreement by the normal contract that you signed.
So we can understand better of the situation, miss. So give me one moment. So, can I send you the contract?
Okay, I already sent the contract, ma'am. That's where it shows all the payments about the leasing fees. So basically, you're missing for more payments, so you can complete your balance.